Quizzes!!! (#25)
fhdsl/Tools_for_Reproducible_Workflows_in_R: quizzes/quiz_ch8.md

{quiz, id: software_versions, attempts: 10}

## Software versions

? What is a computing environment?

a) A type of operating system
B) All the relevant pieces of software and their dependencies that were used on a computer at the time that an analysis or other project was run
c) The physical components of a computer
d) The programming language used to run an analysis

? What is "dependency hell"?

A) The feeling of frustration when trying to update software that exists in a tangled mess of software dependencies

> b) The name of a popular computer game

Reviewer: :P

> c) The process of trying to find software dependencies

Reviewer: this answer seems kinda true too... maybe rephrase?

Author: Will edit phrasing

> c) The process of trying to find software dependencies

Author: ```suggestion
c) The process of trying to find software that is useful
```

d) The feeling of euphoria when all software dependencies have been resolved

? Why is it important to control for software versions in creating reproducible analyses?

a) Because it makes the analysis run faster
b) Because it makes the analysis easier to understand
C) Because software versions can directly affect not only whether an analysis will be able to run, but the results of the analysis
d) Because it ensures that the analysis is correct

? What is session info?

> A) A printout in R that displays information about the software and packages that were being used at the time the sessionInfo() function was run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A) A printout in R that displays information about the software and packages that were being used at the time the sessionInfo() function was run
```

Reviewer: making it match the other answers
